Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Welcome to the show.
Today. we're going to be playing two hours
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
of the music with Brian Corner
on the anniversary of his death.
We're gonna start the show
off today with the music
from the Arthur Fisher
film that never got made.
she draws real good
as a young Clint Eastwood
he writes great songs
he never sends them out
he writes like Capote
the words that he wrote. yeah
photos like Cartier-Bresson
middle of the night to say
- Dorothy. sweetheart. come here a sec.
- Look over these.
These two pictures are of the same person.
- I can't really tell.
It's blurry and it's of his back.
He's got a hat and glasses in that one.
Who is it?
- Brian Corner. Musician from the '80s.
- Never heard of him.
- Well. you haven't heard of anyone.
- That's 'cause I'm not
obsessed with fame. like some.
- I'm not obsessed with fame.
It's just curious. you know.
He fell off the face of the earth
when he was about to hit the big time.
Supposedly died.
He just went missing.
He's like a cult artist now.
I think I heard the story.
- He took a boat out to sea. but.
he just was gone.
- Hmm. Sounds fishy.
- You know. they found a boat.
It was not him.
- Suicide?
- Well. why would he do that?
I mean. just throw himself off a bridge
or eat cyanide or something?
- Many people have their
own reasons for doing
what they do when they kill themselves.
Can't always make sense of it.
- No. it was just too easy.
If there's no body. there's no death.
- It's not unusual to not find
a body. especially at sea.
- Yeah. but the idea that he was suicidal.
and a heroin addict.
it's complete bollocks.
- Was there a suicide note?
- No. it's too obvious.
- Or the truth?
He woulda turned up by
now if it was a hoax.
People are always looking
for a hoax or conspiracy.
And he would've needed help.
- Yeah. and he's had a lotta help.
and he's got away with it for a long time.
But I'm telling you. I'm
gonna get him this time.
David Watford's spot on.
- So what if he is alive?
If he wants to be dead. let him be dead.
- If I sell these. when I sell these.
tell you what.
we could go anywhere in the world.
Where'd you wanna go?
- I'm going to the
kitchen and do the dishes.
- Oh. come on.
Live it up. Come on.
Apparently Nevada has more
Brian Corner sightings
than any other US state.
I'm not sure how they
measure these things.
Sometimes I think
someone's pulling my leg.
Arthur Fisher's "Ticket to the Bridge"
wasn't made for various reasons.
The only thing that
still exists in reality
is Brian Corner's soundtrack.
- Good evening. folks.
My guest this evening is David Watford.
who was good enough to send me
an advance copy of his book. "Cornered."
So let's turn to our guest this evening.
That's a pretty big claim
you're making in your book.
which I read. and did not enjoy.
- Really? Well. you're one of a very few.
- Oh. well. it doesn't
take away from the fact
that Corner's is a
pretty low-hanging fruit.
- What was it that you
didn't like about it?
The premise is that
Brian Corner's still alive.
- Well. only time will tell.
But it's been a long time.
Are you hoping this book will prompt him
to come out of hiding?
- Well. maybe. but I actually think
it will push him deeper into hiding.
- Look. it's been 25
years since he's died.
- Uh. disappearance.
- OK. disappeared. if you must.
Thank you.
- Why not leave him alone? Why
do you want to unearth him?
- Well. 'cause there's an interest.
- So what? Is it worthy?
- Well. you know. I like a
good story. a good mystery.
And worthiness is relative.
This is Brian Corner's story.
I think he set up his disappearance.
- So it's like a Madeleine
McCann meets Harry Houdini?
- You know. he's a complicated man.
Maybe he can explain
everything when he reappears.
- He might've died in the 25
years that he's been hiding.
- Yeah. that's possible.
but he was very healthy.
- Wasn't he a heroin addict?
- Debatable.
- What would you like to see happen
if he comes out of hiding?
- D'you know what. I'd like
him to create another album.
I think maybe he could've
been making music
for the whole 25 years.
- Do you really think that's gonna happen?
See. I'm not buying it.
That's wishful thinking.
- Well. yes. it's what I
would like to see happen.
'cause I'm a massive fan.
- Look. he probably looks a lot different.
He probably sounds a lot different.
His voice has surely matured.
He would have a completely
different sound.
- If he's reinvented
himself. all the better.
- You might not approve
of what he's become.
- You know. I'm open to change.
- Where would he be
hiding. if he's hiding?
- He could be right under our very noses.
Or he could be living in
a log cabin somewhere.
- My guess is that he's died.
and you are milking the public
that thrive on conspiracies.
- Well. now. you can think
what you wanna think.
but only time can tell.
When "Cornered" hits the shelves.
where can the public buy it?
- So "Cornered" hits the shelves tomorrow.
and the public can buy it
in any respectable bookshop and online.
- D'you think Brian Corner
will be purchasing a copy?
If he's still around. that is?
- Well. you know. he may be
living in solitude somewhere.
and never know that the book is there.
But if he does know. I think he'll buy it.
I think he'll read it.
and I think he'll enjoy
reading about the mystery that he set up.
- I just don't like the thought of someone
capitalizing on someone else's debt.
It don't sit right with me. all right?
I mean. I know all the rumors.
All the conspiracy theories.
"Oh. Brian Corner's still alive!"
All that old bollocks.
It's not right.
He'd blow his bloody head off.
- Well. you'll always
get that sort of thing.
It happened with Elvis.
Michael Jackson. Cobain.
You know. that fellow
that blew his brains out.
There will always be conspiracies.
- Don't make it right. though. does it?
- Don't worry about it then.
- So I want to send a
message to these people.
Teach 'em not to spread lies.
- How do you know it's a lie?
Maybe it's the truth.
- Oh. bollocks.
He's paid people to change
their stories. hasn't he?
He's just a hack job.
Just to sell his book and
make some bloody money.
- You can't blame people for making money.
Are they hurting anyone by doing it?
And besides.
maybe it is true.
- So you believe it then. do ya?
- I don't know Brian
Corner like you do. so.
- Will you just listen to yourself?
You're talking like he's still alive.
He's dead. mate. all right. yeah?
He died 25 years ago.
- That's what they say.
I'm not so sure after reading that book.
- You're unfuckingbelievable.
you know that?
You actually believe it. don't you?
- Listen. I don't know what I believe.
It's just a story for me.
I'm not invested in the
man like you are. so.
I didn't know him like you did.
So what do you want me to believe?
I only read the book
because you gave it to me.
- You people. You're
so gullible. aren't ya?
- Listen. listen.
Whether you like it or not.
people like good conspiracies.
People believe Jesus
Christ died on the cross
and he came back to life.
Why is it so hard for you to believe
that the man faked his own death?
- I think you need to chill out. Check.
- I'm a realist. mate.
I don't buy into other people's bullshit.
- Yeah? So what are you
going to do about it?
- You'll see.
And what is that?
- I said
you'll see.
- He's a nutter. no?
- He's going to kill someone.
Maybe you should inform the police.
- No. he's harmless.
He always has a bee in his bonnet
about one thing or another.
We are
celebrating the music
of Brian Corner today.
We are taking requests and playing
the Brian Corner songs
you want to hear the most.
The hits and the obscure.
- Brian! Hi.
I am such a massive fan.
I've seen you live three times.
Are you OK?
It's like I'm in some sort of dream.
I was just coming over the bridge.
and I saw you standing
here. and I was like. ah!
Oh. will you signed something for me?
Hold on. lemme get a pen.
Oh. my name is Chloe.
You could just write something sweet.
Oh my God. are you...
Did you write me a song?
Ah. I feel like I'm in some sort of dream.
Oh. and thank you. Um. wait. hold on!
That was a little snippet
of the devil of "Chloe's Song."
discovered among Brian's belongings
in the loft of his family home.
"Chloe's Song" went number
nine in the charts in 1990.
women. and he's inside
and I used to flirt
married in the morning
up alone and hungover
wearing for the groom
- I've been thinking.
I've been thinking about
this Brian Corner fella.
So I decided to read the book
that sent you on this wild goose chase.
and looked at the pictures again.
And. well. I.
I think you're wasting your time.
It's not the same guy.
- Well. I know it is.
'cause I know that walk.
- Well. I hope it is him.
Otherwise this escapade is
gonna look a bit ridiculous
when you find out it's not.
- Well. it's worth taking
a chance. isn't it?
I've never been able to sell
photos for this much before.
- I think he's dead.
And if he's not dead. then you
should just leave him alone.
You're chasing a ghost.
- Now. how can you say that?
You're always complaining about money.
And a story like this comes along.
I get a chance to do these photos.
And you go and say something like that?
- I'll believe it when I see it.
- Are you gonna be so high and mighty
when I prove to the
world he's still alive?
- And how are you gonna
do that? A picture?
- Yeah. Tells a thousand
stories. doesn't it?
- You even said yourself
that he doesn't look like the same guy.
He's bigger and fatter.
And he's probably even bald
underneath the hat that he's wearing.
Only a true fan would recognize him.
- Yeah. and that's to my advantage.
You know. most people don't
know these things. but I do.
- Perhaps you simply want it to be him.
You saw some guy in a park.
and you believe that it's the same guy
from a book that alleges he's still alive.
A self-fulfilling prophecy.
- I'm telling you. it's him.
- That's Brian Corner. isn't it?
That. that is Brian Corner!
just leave it like that
like that. leave it like that
- Hey. Brian Corner!
Hey. Brian Corner! Come here. come here!
When is the next album coming out?
- Brian. can...
Could I have a look at. could I play your.
could I have a look at your guitar?
Is that OK?
This is the guitar he played
on the "Blank Statement" album. isn't it?
Can I. can I play it?
- Brian. you forgot your guitar!
- Can't believe it.
Brian Corner. he left his guitar for me.
He didn't leave it
for you. It's his guitar.
- The guy's got hundreds
anyway. He's loaded.
- It's not your guitar. though.
- That's not fair. you lanky twat.
- He did not leave the guitar for you.
- I called dibs on it!
- Yeah. but that doesn't mean-
- Plus. you guys
don't even play guitar.
- Yeah. so what?
We'll sell it and split it three ways.
Does that make you happy?
- No.
You know. I was reading somewhere.
He was on this really long tour.
and apparently he did so many drugs.
- Hello.
Hello?
- You're a dead man walking. mate.
- Listen. you don't scare
me. whoever you are.
- Your book's bullshit. mate.
- Well. the sales are sky high.
- Normally I like a good fairytale.
- What have I written that
you think is not the truth?
The whole thing is quite
dubious. don't you think?
- No. No. I don't. actually.
The only thing that I think is dubious
is your piece of shit
book of lies and innuendo.
All right?
- By the way. how'd you get this number?
- Oh. I know everything about you. David.
Where you live. what
you like for breakfast.
your wife's routine. your kid's routine.
- That's a bit extreme. don't you think?
- Look. Brian Corner was a
friend of mine. All right?
Now. he didn't ask for fame. Believe me.
And people like you
are the reason he died.
And if you think you're gonna get away
with your little book of bullshit.
well. you've got another thing coming.
- Well. if he's dead. he's
dead. What do you care anyway?
- D'you wanna know why he's
family and his true friends
wouldn't talk to you
about your fucking book?
That's because they had
respect for his memory.
Pity you and your book
couldn't do the same. isn't it?
- Hoo-hoo. I'd like to beg to differ.
Didn't it ever occur to you
that they're protecting him?
I think I made that argument
pretty strong. don't you think?
- No. No. no. I don't think you
did. and that's the problem.
Your book's bullshit. and you're
not gonna get away with it.
Like I say. dead man walking.
- Pizza guy.
- Pizza guy. eh?
You scared me for a bit.
- You scared me.
I didn't order pizza.
- You didn't?
Play us a song.
- I suppose I won't be
getting you to sing. will I?
I would love to hear you sing.
- No. you don't.
- Everyone can sing
- Nonsense.
- I have some friends coming around
on Friday for my birthday.
Would you like to join us for some drinks?
And then we'll go for dinner.
- Friday evening?
I don't think I can make it.
- I keep telling everyone
they need to meet you.
They think you're a ghost.
A figment of my imagination.
You must come. No more excuses.
- Maybe.
- You always say maybe.
I've never. ever spent time with you
in the presence of anyone else.
- That's not true.
I met your sister.
- But you left two
minutes after she arrived.
out of the door like a flash.
Just because she asked you
a few personal questions.
- I don't remember.
I don't like crowds.
- It's hardly going to be a crowd.
- OK.
- Excuse me. You know
where the station is?
You know where the station is?
- Excuse me?
- I said. do you know where the...
- Ow! Fucking hell!
- I said you're a dead man walking.
- Ivan. Have a look at this.
- I'm sleeping.
- You have to read this. No. wake up.
- Leave me alone!
- No. wake up!
- No.
- He did it.
He killed the writer. It's
right here on the BBC.
He stabbed him. Nigel.
He did it.
- Give me that thing.
David worked for it.
It doesn't say anything about Nigel.
What are you talking about?
- He said he was going
to do it. He did it.
- It's just a coincidence.
Also. this writer had a lot of enemies.
- That seems a pretty big
coincidence. I would say.
- Well. according to the police
report. it was a robbery.
They stole his wallet. It was coincidence.
- I reported him to the police.
The blood is on our hands now.
- It wasn't Nigel.
- Who was it then?
- How am I supposed to know? Let me sleep.
- How can you sleep knowing what you know?
I'm reporting it to the police.
Oh. Go ahead.
- And you're coming with me.
- When I turned round
the corner. he'd gone.
- Maybe you imagined it all then.
- Are you thinking I'm seeing ghosts now?
The camera doesn't lie.
- I'm sorry. but it's an obsession now.
- What's wrong with
obsession? It pays the bills.
- Why don't you just go
up to him and ask him.
"Are you Brian Corner?"
- That's a good idea.
"Hello. Brian.
Excuse me. do you mind if
I just take your photo.
and expose you to the world?"
- So what you're gonna do then?
- I don't know. 10 more photos. I suppose.
- You better hurry up before
someone beats you to it.
Why don't you try and take one
of his face instead of his back
so people can actually see who it is?
- Lovely.
- Tonight. I'd like to
welcome to the show.
renowned criminal profiler. Jerry Stark.
to discuss the recent spate of murders
of journalists and media personalities.
Obviously. this is an
issue close to my heart.
and to be pretty frank. quite frightening.
But we'll will not run
away from this issue.
We will face this issue
head-on. as we've always done.
So Mr. Jerry Stark. what
does your experience tell you
about these murders of journalists
and media personalities?
- I don't believe it was a lone murderer.
They're copycat killings.
- But do you think it all
started with the release
and publication of David
Watford's book on Brian Corner?
- There has to be a catalyst
and that could be the catalyst.
But there were other suspicious deaths
in the years previous that could indicate
that the murders were
already set in motion.
They just picked up steam
with Watford's book.
- It's pretty frightening times.
I've had to hire a bodyguard.
and I don't go out the same way I used to.
- It's not a lone killer.
So long as you keep
yourself pretty visible.
you should be OK.
Don't walk down any dark alleys.
- But if it's multiple killers.
copycats. as you think.
then surely one of them is
gonna wanna take the limelight
and take a risk of getting
caught. even in broad daylight.
I'm not sure that I wanna be a victim.
- Well. you should be careful. obviously.
The problem is. the more
you cover for the story.
the more interest to propel a copycat
to become part of the story.
- Well. I'm just trying to make a living.
I ask questions. I have
no political agenda.
- Are you sure about that?
- Look. I have people from
all political affiliations.
all walks of life on the show.
I'm open minded. How the
hell has it come to this?
- We live in crazy times.
But let's not forget. the 1970s and 1980s
were much more fruitful
for serial killers.
DNA profiling. better
policing. cellphones.
all of these things have
made it much more difficult
for serial killers to exist.
These people are smart. intelligent.
They have adapted their game.
As I said. they're copycats.
- You're a fucking idiot. Stark.
Copycats!
Copycats. my arse.
Ow! Ah!
- Who is it?
Pizza guy?
He's not allowed.
I knew you wouldn't come.
- Sorry. I was busy.
- Liar.
- Aren't you gonna invite me in?
- I don't think I should
after you stood me up again.
- Sorry.
you're rolling in clover
- I just had friends over for lunch.
Shame you missed them all again.
Your timing is always impeccably poor.
- Pure coincidence. my
dear. Pure coincidence.
- So.
What do I owe the pleasure?
- Well. I wanted to tell you
that I'm gonna be going
away for a little while.
I didn't want you to worry about me.
- Who is she?
- Does it matter?
- I suppose not.
- She's my sister.
- Your sister?
- My sister.
We are
celebrating the music
of Brian Corner today.
We are taking requests and
playing the Brian Corner songs
you want to hear the most.
from the hits to the obscure.
a kid all over again
from a book I read
your seed in my head
met somewhere before
a kid all over again
The late. great Chloe Gates
sang on half a dozen songs with the band.
She sang with Brian on this
one. my personal favorite.
you were lying next to me
- Oh. Boo!
- Good afternoon.
- Hey.
How are you doing?
- Good. thanks. What can I get you?
- Ah. just a Coke. please.
Any hotels around here? B&Bs or anything?
- We have rooms upstairs.
- Take card as well?
- Of course.
- Going for a walk in this
town. and well. it's lovely.
Some nice houses.
A massive house down a private road.
Who lives there?
- Why do you want to know?
- Just curious.
- Not really for me to say.
- Oh. No worries.
I'm just a curious person. I guess.
What's your name?
- Penelope.
- Peter.
- Nice to meet you. Peter.
- Nice to meet you. too.
So what's there to do around here?
- Well. there is always the park.
- Park?
- Yeah. the park.
You look like you could
use a bit of nature.
- Is that right?
- What are you doing tomorrow?
- Don't know yet.
- What about this park?
- What about it?
- Hey.
- You can answer that if you want.
Someone special?
- Business.
- What exactly is your business?
- Um. long story.
I can tell you in the park tomorrow.
- Ah!
- You can help me with something.
- Yeah. well. maybe. maybe not.
- What have you got to lose?
- Everything.
- "Cornered."
Thank you.
- It's beautiful.
- Yeah. I think so.
So you were gonna tell me
what you do for a living.
- Ha. OK.
But you can't laugh.
- All right. Promise.
- All right. and that as well.
Right then.
Ah. well. I'm a photographer.
- Hilarious?
- OK. well. not a
photographer. A paparazzi.
- Oh. God. paparazzi. What a shame.
- I haven't been doing it long.
It's just. it pays the bills. all right?
- Is that what you're doing here?
Did you follow someone
to take their photo?
- It's more of a personal
project. Detective work.
- Detective work? Gosh. you
make it sound so glamorous.
- I'm not sure I'm doing a very good job.
But you might be able to help.
- How?
- The person I'm looking for lives nearby.
- Hmm-mm. There isn't
anyone famous around here.
- I believe there is.
- Who?
- It's a guy called Brian Corner.
A musician who disappeared
around 30 years ago. in the '80s.
Supposedly died. but I
don't believe he did.
- I don't know him.
- Well. I can show you some
photos. You can take a look.
You see. he may have been in the pub.
- All right. but why not
just leave him alone?
I mean. if he wants to be
dead. then let him be dead.
- But it's my job. you know.
- It's not really an excuse.
- Brilliant. I mean.
I suppose I do need to
focus on looking for him.
- Sorry to have been a distraction.
- No. it's not your fault.
- You didn't have to come
here today. you know.
- No. I wanted to come here.
I really wanted to come here
with you. to be with you.
I wanted to.
But I do need to keep
looking for him as well.
- Focus on that if
that's what you wanna do.
- OK. but look. I'm gonna
show you the photos.
At least have a look.
And you may recognize him.
OK?
- Sure.
- Let's go.
- Wake up!
Look who's here!
So to what do I owe your presence?
- No reason. Just felt
like coming for a visit.
- Just like that?
- Just like that.
is anyone's guess
- I've been tinkering with
some of the old songs.
- Oh. really?
- Yup.
- I'd like to have a listen.
- Well. it could do
with some of your magic.
- Well. I'll have a listen.
- Not doing a very good job. am I?
- What are you talking about?
I think you're a wonderful photographer.
- You think so?
- Yeah. Look. take my photograph.
Just my eyes.
- Mm-hmm.
- Did you get just my eyes?
- Yeah. Have a look.
- Let's see.
- Hey!
Come back here with that.
It's worth a lot of money.
Who needs money?
- Everyone.
Come out. come out. wherever you are!
There's the thief.
- Delete all your pictures?
- Ah. yeah. you wouldn't dare.
- Oh. wouldn't I?
No. Oh!
- Serves you right.
Karma for taking pictures of
poor. unsuspecting people.
Is that right?
- Yeah. yeah. there we go.
Loving it. loving it. loving it.
- Come now. OK. your turn now.
Come on. give it back.
- Oh God. Really?
- Over to the professional.
Oh. look at that.
Done this before. haven't you. eh?
Don't stick your tongue out at me.
Put that away. Put that away.
Give us a nice little smile. yeah?
- Fine.
- Look at that.
Picture perfect. Go on then. come on.
- All right. I fancy a pint.
You fancy a pint. eh?
- Enough nature for one day.
Come on.
you are the worst one
- Here for the sun?
- Ah. it's beautiful.
- What do you think about these murders?
I never liked that whatsit fellow myself.
but he didn't deserve to die.
Nor did the others.
Anyway. they'll catch him
eventually. whoever it is.
- Could it not be a she?
- Could be a network.
- Nah.
Conspiracies don't work
when there's more than
two people involved.
- Don't worry about them.
How are your mother and father?
- Ah. they're fine.
- They must wanna see you.
- I talk to them on the phone.
- You should go visit.
- Yeah.
That'd be nice.
- Why don't you answer
that? Don't mind me.
- Hello?
Hi. sweetheart.
- Where are you?
Um. not sure. Couple
of hours outside of London.
I thought he was going
to this shop. but...
- When are you back. Peter?
I don't know. I just got here.
- So you're just gonna
keep following him around?
Well. yeah. that's
the plan. Follow him around.
- Has he noticed that
you're following him?
No. no. I'm a professional.
- So how long are you gonna
keep following him around for?
Why. I need more proof.
A picture that's clearer. to
be matched with an older one.
The more photos I take. the better.
- Why don't you take
a picture of his ears?
It's the best way to identify him.
I watched a documentary
on it. The ears don't lie.
Oh. dammit. he's just walked by!
I'll call you later.
- That new credit card.
Did you get it?
- Yeah. I got it. I got it.
Thank you.
- Good. Speaking of cards.
Do you ever wish you'd play
your cards differently?
- Not anymore.
But you did at one time?
- When I was younger. of course. Sure.
- What do you mean?
- You know what I mean.
- I suppose I do.
You know. I always used to love to play
capture the flag when I was a kid.
I was very good. you know.
I knew all the best spots.
The shady places where you
could hide in the shade.
in the shadows. so you
could sneak up on somebody.
And the guy who was guarding
the opponent's flag.
he always got itchy.
And eventually. he would leave his post
to find out what was
happening nearer our flag.
And I would run in. grab
that flag. and away with me.
- Capture the flag is make believe. Jack.
Real war. life is at stake.
- Couldn't you just let me
have my moment of glory?
- Sorry. it's a good story. Go on.
- Tell you what. Let's
continue over dinner.
- All right.
What's for dinner?
Fish pie.
- Fish pie?
Kittycat get some fish pie?
- Yeah.
is I'll be all right
some pretty tough times
- Hey. Why don't you pick up your phone?
I've been trying to call you for days.
Are you all right? I hope so.
Listen. I'm not calling to invite you
to any more of my parties.
You don't have to think up any
more lame excuses. all right?
I just wanted to say hi. That's all.
I have no questions
whatsoever to ask you. Nada.
So you can put yourself at ease.
And call me back once
you get it. all right?
It would be nice to hear
your voice anyway. Bye.
- You know. I think that
was the best fish pie
since the last time I had your fish pie.
- Well. I'm glad you enjoyed it.
Well. it's good to know
I'll have such adulation after I'm dead.
Better late than never. I suppose.
- Truer words were never spoken.
- Easy for you to say.
- You will reap your rewards in heaven.
- So you keep telling me.
By the way. your old band
mate has a new album out.
- Yeah. I know.
What did you think?
- It's good.
- It's diabolical!
- Harsh.
- Thanks.
Aw.
I barely slept.
- Why not?
- It's just that I'm taking photos.
- What did you do?
- I'm just taking some great shots.
- You didn't.
- Yeah.
But he was with this. some other man.
I don't know. his father or
uncle or something like that.
- Here. look. I'll show you.
You recognize him now?
- No. No. I've told you.
I've never seen him before.
- Well. what about that guy
he's having dinner with?
- Nope. Never seen him either.
Look. what are you even
gonna do with these pictures?
- Sell 'em.
- To who?
- I know people who'll
buy them. all right?
That's it. My work here is done.
It's time to party.
We've got to celebrate.
Time to go somewhere.
do something. Anywhere.
- Anywhere?
- Anywhere.
OK then.
- Come on. lead the way.
- All right. fine.
- Great. I must make a call.
I'll be back in a minute. Yeah.
They. they're good. Mm-hmm.
About 10 or 15. That'll
be enough to cover it.
Yeah.
Could be worth a lot. I think
- Look. there's no word. I do not.
- Yeah. she's good.
- She's canceled.
- You never feed the padded pasta.
That was such a good point.
- How are you?
When are you coming back?
I've been thinking about you a lot lately.
In a good way.
In an unexpected way.
You left your book.
I've been reading it. actually.
I like it.
Very mysterious.
I believed it.
So when are you coming back?
Jack?
Jack. hello?
- Been an amazing few days with you.
I could get used to
this whole nature thing.
- Well. good.
- I came here to find Brian
Corner. and I found you.
That's what I call a bonus.
- Well. what's better? Meeting
me or taking his photograph?
- Oh. that's a tricky one.
- God. you're horrible!
- You. obviously.
Obviously.
God. you know. I really.
really don't wanna leave.
But I need to get these
photos back to London.
- Leave them. They're not important.
- You don't know how big this is.
What's the matter? What's wrong.
- Peter.
Look. I don't think it's
right. what you're doing?
- What do you mean?
- This guy. He doesn't wanna be alive.
He doesn't wanna be known.
He just wants a quiet life.
And your photos are an
intrusion into his privacy.
I think...
I think you should throw them away.
- Destroy them?
It's too late.
The agent's got the ball
rolling on it. I can't.
- Oh. come on. Peter.
You're a great photographer.
You don't need this
sleaze. It's beneath you.
- How do you know?
- Well.
I know that I can't let myself fall
for someone I can't respect.
If you sell those photos.
then I won't respect you.
- Is that a threat?
- No.
No. it's just the truth.
- There you are.
- I missed this place.
- Oh.
Stay as long as you like.
It's your place. after all.
- It's yours.
- Your gift to me for playing my part
so adequately for all these years.
To be fair. it's a very easy role to play.
- Those are the best ones.
- I'd rather have played your role.
- Which one?
- You know.
- Well. if you wish.
- I'm too old for that
now. And so are you.
But we might not have any choice after all
with these recent developments.
You're suddenly becoming popular again.
I suppose that's the reason
you've come to visit.
- You got me.
- There you are.
This is
one of those obscure
Brian Corner numbers I
was telling you about
that they found in his loft.
His mother said it was the
first song he ever recorded.
when he was 13 years old.
- You all right. mate?
- Uh. I'm fine.
Lemme buy you a drink.
- Nah. I'm all right. thanks.
- Oh. come on.
- Honestly. I'm all right.
How many nights are you
spending here at the hotel?
- Yeah. I'm just going
back to London tomorrow.
It's quite a place you got here.
Penelope was here the other day.
- Penelope. yeah. She was
working here yesterday. actually.
- Ah. yeah. Yesterday.
Do you know her well?
- Nah. not really.
- She's cool.
- Yeah. she's all right. I guess.
- If you say so.
Did you two ever go out?
- What kinda question is that?
- I'll get over her.
- Mate. you barely even know the girl.
I think you're a little bit drunk.
- We spent a lot of time together.
- Oh. really?
She shouldn't be spending
time with the clients.
- Well. I won't tell if you don't.
Seriously.
I think I love her.
- Yeah. yeah. You said that already.
- Well. you don't believe me.
- Mate. I don't even know who you are.
- What's your name?
- Arturo Bandini.
That's a hell of a name.
Brian. if you're out there.
as the late David Watford
so steadfastly claimed.
I hope you're well.
But I think that's just wishful thinking.
- What are you doing here?
- I'm a bit lost.
- Maybe you need to find
your way out of here then.
- Good idea.
Can I get the camera. please?
- Fast.
Faster.
Leave the cat alone.
Take your hat.
- Ah. yeah. Thanks.
- Don't wanna see you here again.
Go.
- Yeah.
and I call to the moon
- What's up.
- I need to be leaving.
- I half expected.
You haven't even had a chance to listen
to what I've done with the songs.
- I'm sure they're amazing.
- When are you leaving?
- Today.
- Today?
I was hoping you'd be able to add
some of your magic to them.
- Next time.
- And when will that be?
Another two years?
- I hope not.
- Me too.
It's been great to see you.
- You too.
- Come again any time.
It's your place. after all.
- No. it's yours. It's your place
- Peter.
- Hmm?
Hey.
- You look awful.
- Thanks. I feel it.
- Did you sleep here last night?
- I saw him.
I got hammered over at the pub.
That's where he's staying.
I passed out in the garden.
When I woke up. he was looking over me.
holding a candlestick.
Chased me off the property.
- Jesus. Peter. you're crazy.
- Crazy about you.
I deleted all the photos.
I'm not doing this anymore.
I wanna take pictures of
trees and greenery and nature.
And you. if you'll let me.
I'm done with this game.
- Yeah. well. glad as I am to hear that.
you shouldn't do it
just because I tell you.
- Look.
It's my decision. obviously.
But you've influenced that as well.
You were right. If he wants
to be dead. let him be dead.
It's not right for me
to unearth him. right?
- Coffee?
- Yeah. Make it a strong one.
- Why is his phone-
Oh. yeah. yeah. yeah.
Jack? Hi.
I'm good. Can you hear me now?
I've been calling you forever.
What's up with your phone? Yeah.
Ah. it's good. it's
good. it's good. it's good.
- Where are you?
- I'm in Brighton.
I'm in Brighton.
- That's like miles away.
We're gonna miss the plane.
Nah. we got plenty of time.
They'll wait for us.
- Can you hear me now?
What?
You're breaking up on me.
- Hello?
- I can't hear ya.
- Oh. Jack!
Really?
What are you doing?
Sorry. sorry. sorry.
- Come on.
Hi.
- Hi.
- How are you?
- Hi. Dad.
Hello. my darling.
- Yeah.
- So?
- Yeah. I fixed it.
Penelope. you're a star.
- Dave. Yeah. I got something for you.
Or something for us. actually.
It's a big. big story.
But I need to remain in the shadows.
I found Brian Corner. The Brian Corner.
I've got plenty of evidence.
And he's alive and well.
But here's the hitch.
I can't take credit for any
of the photos. or be involved.
I need you to do that.
If I tell you why. I'll have to kill you.
I'll be back in London tomorrow. See ya.
- I've been calling you forever.
What's up with your phone?
- Oh. So where did you call me from?
- Ah. Does this thing even work?
- Apparently so.
- I was beginning to
think you wouldn't come.
- I wouldn't miss it for the world.
- So I was thinking before you came.
I don't know what to call you.
I mean. Jack isn't really your name.
That's what I've been calling you.
Can I call you Brian?
I'd prefer Brian.
I'll be discreet.
- I'd rather you didn't mention his name.
- It is who you are.
- Not anymore.
- How am I supposed to introduce
you to friends and family?
- Jack.
- Jack?
- I guess it makes sense.
But why Jack? Why did you
choose to call yourself Jack?
- Jack is a very good friend of mine.
He's my partner in crime.
I use his identity to make things easier.
You'll meet him someday.
- I see. Where is Jack?
- Sussex. I was just visiting him.
- I thought you were visiting your sister.
- I lied.
- Why did you lie again?
- Because if I told you the truth.
then I would've had to
tell you the whole truth.
and you wouldn't have believed me anyway.
I figured I'd spare us both a long story.
- I usually don't like liars.
but I guess in this case
I can understand it.
- I thought you'd understand.
- Anyway. we better hurry up.
We're gonna miss the plane.
- Don't I have time to get a pint?
- No. Let's go.
- Hi. my love.
Uh.
Huh.
A light sleeper all of a sudden?
You can't fool me.
Wake up.
- Oh! Don't do that!
Get your stuff and get out.
- What?
- Get out. I'm serious.
- I've got some incredible news for us.
- Oh God. what now? I can't wait.
- We're rich. We're rich. we're rich.
I found him. I got closeup photos of him.
I even met him in person.
It's definitely him.
- Can you mention that man's name again?
- It's just one more day. tomorrow.
- I'm going meeting Andrew in town.
He's gonna give me a little advance.
He thinks I should sell each
photo to the highest bidder.
It's exciting stuff. Hey?
Let me take you for lunch.
You can go anywhere you
wanna go. You name it.
Hmm? You name it. we'll go there.
- Well. even if it is
true. that's a big if.
it doesn't change anything.
- It's definite.
It's definite. and it changes everything.
- There's always something with you.
I've heard it all before.
What are you talking about?
- OK. let me see the photos.
Might be better than the ones you took
of the back of his head.
- Yeah. OK. well. I'll just
upload them to the computer. OK?
I need to delete a couple of them.
- Why do you need to delete them?
Have you got something to hide?
Is that why you didn't pick
up your phone for days on end?
- I was on a stakeout.
That's why I had my phone off.
- No. it wasn't. It rang.
- I thought you didn't wanna
talk about him anymore.
- Show me the photos.
- All right. just give me a
chance to back it up on my.
Hey. hey. give it. give it to me.
Give 'em here. Give it here.
- No. if you haven't got anything to hide.
I wanna see the photos.
- Look. it's just. I
wanted to delete a few.
'cause I wanted you to
see the best ones. OK?
You know. you're always
so critical of what I do.
I don't like it.
- Really? Is that so?
- Yeah.
- I wanna see the photos.
I won't be so overly
judgmental if they're so good.
- Listen.
- I'm listening.
- I met someone when I was there.
- Who?
- Just a woman. Just to
help me find Brian Corner.
She stayed in a place just
round the corner from him.
We went to a park. a graveyard.
I got a few photos of her.
I just didn't want you to see
them and think anything of it.
- Really? And what kind of photos?
- Just in a park. a graveyard.
and a couple at her house. that's all.
- A couple at her house?
How serious was this relationship?
- It's nothing. I was only using
her to get to Brian Corner.
As soon as I found out she wasn't helpful.
I came back to you. OK?
- Really? How exactly did she help you?
- Well. as it turned out.
she wasn't very helpful.
You just thought
she might be helpful?
- Pretty much. yeah.
- Well. I wanna see what she looks like.
- OK. if you must.
- I don't see anything.
No SD card.
- What?
It was definitely. it was
in there. It was in there.
I only ever take it out to
back it up on the computer.
It was definitely fucking in there.
- You must've put it somewhere
else. It can't just fly away.
- The fucking bitch must've taken it.
Who?
- Penelope. the girl I was
just telling you about.
- Why would she do that?
- Why do you think? She
obviously saw some worth in it.
- Are you sure you just
haven't put it somewhere else?
- No. she fucking stole it.
How could she have done that?
- Aw. 'cause I trusted her. stupidly.
I let her take a few photos.
Oh. fuck. She must've taken
it when I was in the bathroom.
- I thought you left
once you got the photos.
- Ah. not straightaway.
- You're changing your story.
Get your stuff and get out.
I'm finished with your lies.
Unbelievable.
- Ugh.
Ah!
Fuck.
I'm gonna cry. Fuck!
Bitch.
Ah. I can't fucking believe it. Jesus.
Shit. Stupid woman.
Fuck!
- Oh. and remind me. I
need to pick a new SD card
from the terminal for my camera.
- SD card? I got one of those.
- Oh yeah?
- Yeah.
- That's good.
Thanks.
PP. Why does it have PP on it?
- I'll tell you when we
get to the penthouse.
- Hey. you've been practicing.
- Well. yeah. You gotta
help me out. though.
they could reel a man